[DCOS-59715] Added docs for versions, limitations, and release notes (#33)
mesosphere/kudo-spark-operator: kudo-operator/docs/latest/release-notes.md

Release Notes
---

## latest

> * Spark and Operator Docker based [mesosphere/spark](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark/) 2.4.3 with Hadoop 2.9.2 support

Reviewer: This line is a little ambiguous, did you mean this?
```suggestion
* Spark Operator Docker image based on [mesosphere/spark](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark/) 2.4.3 with Hadoop 2.9.2 support
```
